The person with a gruff and suspicious voice said, "Now, the VERY next time this happens, I shall be exceedingly angry."
The person's gruff manner made me angry.
The person's answer was gruff, but their eyes twinkled.
The person's gruff response was that of course it was.
The person said, in the gruff tones of Jorah Mormont, that they never would.
The person said with a gruff smile that half of Cuba lives off the black market.
The person said, sounding simultaneously gruff and sad, that nothing else is normal.
The person said, with an apologetic smile.
The person had an older relative who used to throw cups of tea at people when they were particularly irritated.
The person asked, irritated by the obscurity of Henry's reply, "How can that be?"
The person is considered by some to be a cool-headed and visionary moderniser, while others see them as a scheming centraliser who will not tolerate dissent.
The person is technically accomplished as a musician.
The person won plaudits and prizes for their accomplished films.
The person has a built-in Luddite mentality and is resistant to change.
The person stays up at night always drinks coffee to stay clear-headed.
The person belonging to The Progenyless Folk (a boneless race who, because they eat only air "is clear-headed and lives a long time").
The person wouldn't have thought them capable of it.
The person was intelligent and capable of passing exams with ease.
The person will entrust you to Robin's capable hands - metaphorically speaking, of course!
The person is capable of offering something to others and to the conversation.
The person dropped upon their knees with boisterous mirth in a group and performed mock homage to their prey.
The person concludes that, in mixed classes, if individuals are as boisterous and pushy as others, they are considered "unladylike", if they are docile and quiet, they are ignored.
The person is tenacious. They never give up.
The person must learn from the tenacious fighting spirit of Lu Xun.
The person is very tenacious... and the person doesn't give up.
The person described Mr. Long as cold, calculating, and manipulative.
The person wants to rigidly follow rules to get things "right," and this often means the person is terribly uncreative, because creativity involves making mistakes, Dr. Szymanski says.
The person took the twins in hand, encouraging them to turn their thoughts to the future.
The person was a very tough, sharp-tongued individual.
Is the person big-boned?
The person Liu Qichao, 19, a big-boned student with careful habits, plans to be the first in their family to go to college.
The person is often described as being cold, unemotional, and having poor social skills.
The person skilled prosecutor arranged their questions with admirable finesse.
The person was intelligent, robust, adroit; they did their best; the master seemed pleased.
The person was upright and noble, always willing to help in any way they could.
The person has such a noble spirit!
The person extols their noble qualities.
"The person," assented Tom, "they don't kill women--they're too noble."
The person was very amusing.
The person likes to surround themselves with amusing individuals.
The person agrees that it was your quick-witted response in that emergency that has led to this satisfactory result.
The person is curvy and likes it!
The person shall come in with you, though, to talk to Clara, and you'll find them sensible.
The person, with their spellbinding and mesmerizing powers, could control anything and everything in the natural world.
The person who is relatively weak-willed is often timid and hesitant. They may have difficulty realizing their goals.
The person now realizes that however strong-willed one may be, they will be weak at some point.
The person was described as having a keen intellect.
The person has a keen eye for detail, so each dress is beautifully finished.
The person always finds a new angle, a different part to be keen on especially in this class. I think the person is really keen on it.
The person is someone of few words, very polite and unassuming.
The person, despite their position, has an unassuming personality.
The person, an unassuming resident of Texas, celebrated their windfall by having a family portrait photograph taken on Wednesday morning.
The person, shy and unassuming, was - per their custom - standing off to the side of the court, away from the center of the action.
The person is proud, but what really matters is that they grew up to be warm and kind, with an easygoing, unassuming demeanor.
The person managed this by being secretive and exclusive, and never soliciting job applications.
The person was nearly driven crazy by all the publicity.
The person rented the upstairs room.
The person has a crazy scheme, and I use that term advisedly.
The person was complex, thoughtful, gallant, and generous.
The person is known for their industrious nature.
The person is not only industrious, but is also imaginative.
The person believed success came from industry, so they were very industrious.
The person is not so fond of pizza. They classify it as junk food, along with greasy French fries, potato chips, and hamburgers.
The person was very striking but in some way I felt repelled.
The person's eyes are their most striking feature.
The person rolled a thin cigarette with deft fingers and a quick lick.
The person's plastic hand is deft enough to grasp a wide variety of objects without damaging them.
The person is very headstrong and mulish most of the time, but underneath I think they are quite vulnerable.
The person sacrificing their career for their spouse is no longer seen as typical.
The person believes that all things happen for a reason. The loss of their father played a significant role in shaping them into the person they are today, a devoted child.
The person has come to fetch you home; and The person hopes you'll be a dutiful child, and not encourage further disobedience.
The person hesitated and looked confused.
The person is criticized for their lavish spending and flamboyant style.
The person could not quite manage that, even though they were flamboyant and loquacious.
The person who plays a big part in this is the outsized appetite of Larry Ellison, Oracle's flamboyant chief executive.
The person says this, but it really is a top tip for frugal eaters.
The person who is thrifty is also not a person who is stingy.
The person lived a very simple, frugal life.
The person is mischievous.
The person's last conversation was confrontational.
The person is deferential to their superiors.
The person going away to college has made themselves much more independent.
The person was cautious of their footing, wary of the edge.
The person, of course, was cool and aloof and imperturbable.
The person surveyed all this with their imperturbable placidity.
The person's hair was greying at the sides.
While the person was cutting their greying hair, they shared about moving closer to their adult children.
"The person hopes they don't step on someone's feet," said a man of about fifty to their greying partner.
The person thought of "Uncle Walter", with their greying sideburns and sad, pale eyes, as calmness itself.
The person's poetry is garrulous, intellectually incisive, and adjectivally rich.
The person has deep, bright, and most expressive blue.
The illness made the person apathetic and unwilling to meet people.
The person's life may seem trivial and insipid.
The person's comment was trenchant and perceptive.
The person seems promising, and they are a perceptive observer.
The person values knowledge as key because it fuels their broad-minded approach to life.
The person doesn't think that when individuals grow up, they will become more broad-minded and can accept everything.
The person's eyes had grown ice-cold.
The person's manner was cold and unwelcoming.
The person beneath their bluff exterior was a sensitive individual.
The person is very sensitive, they just can't take criticism.
The person believes that Pat's tough exterior conceals a shy and sensitive soul, according to Mandy.
The person is a smart and sophisticated individual.
The person is intelligent, I grant you, but they are not a genius.
The person's new partner is attractive, funny, smart, yada yada yada.
Is the person irrationally, overemotional, and reactive?
How does the person act? Are they irrationally overemotional, and reactive? Do they have low self-esteem and believe themselves to have little self-worth?
The person felt they found me boring and dull.
The person likes ceramics because they can be heated without melting, unlike metals and plastics, though, they are brittle.
The person says I should accept the inevitable fact that bones will turn brittle, skin will shrivel and sag, and hair will grey and thin as one ages.
The person mostly sits in a wheelchair, affected by brittle bone disease.
The person is very talkative, and I struck up a conversation with them.
The person is the extrovert in the family; opinionated, talkative and passionate about politics.
The person got close to Julia, a talkative and outgoing individual.
The person was particularly talkative throughout the evening, frequently offering ideas and anecdotes, while their partner sat silently beside them on the couch.
The person's speech and manners became curiously ceremonious and courtly, to the vast admiration and amusement of their intimates.
The person was courtly, their life lived in well-oiled sequences, their cufflinks always tasteful.
The person rose from their seat, took their hat off their head, and bowed low to someone.
The person was no poet themselves and didn't care who knew it; and they had a candid nature.
The person to be candid, I don't like your hairstyle.
The person's hair, not yet very gray, was becomingly arranged, and their black gown was modish.
The person's most astounding outfit might be their modish black jeans, reminiscent of those worn by Take That's backing dancers and never before seen on a Conservative Foreign Secretary.
The person tried to look nonchalant and uninterested.
The person's first human contacts are most important, since they are very impressionable.
The person may redirect their impressionable mind from Lu Xun's moody introspection towards a more exuberant self-confidence.
The person became a taciturn individual, not easy to live with. Later, when the older children married and had children of their own, they mellowed a little.
The person chafed bitterly over the stupendous indignity thus put upon their position, but Hendon was moody and taciturn.
The person knew they had earned a reputation for being "enigmatic, taciturn, terse, prickly, explosive, and forbidding" well before they died of cancer in 2008.
The person replied to my questions in monosyllables, showing a taciturn nature.
The person reverted to their old taciturn ways.
The person is taciturn and dislikes parties.
Or was the person's replacement by taciturn introverts telling me something else?
The person was of the serious, taciturn type, but I could tell the answer registered.
The person was a great salesperson, though they risked being immodest.
The person's talk is inspiring.
The person who gets up at seven o'clock every morning is punctual.
The person can safely say that on the days when they lose a lot of sleep, they are a very grumpy and unapproachable individual.
The person came to be regarded as a Jedi of mystery, an unapproachable enigma.
The person would first gauge their mood that day, and if they found themselves unapproachable, they would write a note requesting a meeting.
The person cannot prescribe drugs as they are not necessarily medically qualified.
The person has started a health centre and I know they're looking for qualified staff.
The person, we have several qualified applicants we are serious about.
The person was thrilled to bits when I said I'd come.
The person was weepy and nervy, anxious about their baby.
The person tried to reassure them, but they still felt anxious.
The person could help each other communicate in the future.
The person is very mature for their age.
The person I met was intelligent, mature, and personable.
As time goes by, the person became mature.
The person told me they were wise and mature beyond their 18 years, and I believed them.
The person's most admirable quality was their loyalty.
The person was an admirable figure comparable to Abraham Lincoln.
The person's dedication to their work was admirable.
The person, feeling giddy and joyous, fired a simple Greek phrase at Tom.
The person felt giddy?
The person conducted the meeting yesterday in their usual combative style, refusing to admit any mistakes.
The person was not applauded for their combative speech.
The person suspects it prevents individuals from wasting their combative energy.
The person has treated their former supporters little better than they do foreign bondholders.
The person can look to the future with some confidence for plenty of reasons, regardless of being BA’s combative boss.
The person soon becomes dependent on the expert.
The person's colleagues, meanwhile, were busily scheming to get rid of them.
The person's bid to control prices, their rabble-rousing instincts, and their scheming were all alarming.
The person's mind is as sharp as ever.
The person's nose was thin and sharp.
The person was very tough and sharp-tongued.
The person's lawyer is a sharp operator.
The person found them captivating.
The person remains captivating natural history, arranged in neatly named sections: "fluff", how feathers keep birds warm and dry.
The person has a feminine form and captivating eyes.
"The person leaves all that to me," declared the masterful Rat.
The person's masterful bearing was admired by all of us.
The person, don't you think that gives me the right to be a little assertive or direct?
When those boundaries are crossed, the person's body will visibly stiffen and their manner will become cool and aloof.
The person can seem aloof is the upshot of all this.
The person who is truly talented is always good, honest, forthright, and not reserved.
The person, in typically forthright style, goes on to highlight why this is such a problem.
The person was in a pugnacious mood when they spoke to journalists about the rebellion.
The person was pugnacious as a child and fought with everyone.
The person, despite their pugnacious liberal reputation, wrote many bills with Republican colleagues, too.
The person's votes recast their image from pugnacious anti-tax conservative to big-spending establishment Republican.
At a company meeting last year, the person, Microsoft's pugnacious boss, spied an employee taking a photo on an Apple iPhone.
The person's short sentences carried a more pugnacious message: they were the champ, and would be until someone braver and better knocked them off.
The person's view was a necessary consequence of their pessimistic estimate of human beings as selfish, uncooperative, and pugnacious creatures.
The person always went to the gym early and practiced foul shots alone, on top of regular practice.
The person got what they wanted by daring to make such a simple wish.
"The person, with their determination and daring, is running it rather fine," wrote local reporters about our Japanese friend.
The person told nominees at the Beverly Hilton hotel on Monday to expect some daring tweaks to the telecast.
The person with erudite learning teaches history.
The person has to find someone who is erudite so that they can imitate their style of writing in order to correspond.
The person truly knowledgeable may not always possess erudite information, and the person with erudite knowledge may not always be truly knowledgeable.
The person is proud of their children and blind to their faults.
The person was proud of themself for not giving up.
The person was justifiably proud of their achievements.
The person felt no warmth towards their comrades but was cold, indifferent, and apathetic.
The person felt no warmth towards their friends but was indifferent and apathetic.
The person becomes too withdrawn into themselves in a negative way, ending in a lethargic apathetic self.
The person had never seen them sarcastic before.
The person has been described as anything from a "merciful loss of memory" to "escapist therapy".
The person was having to whisper in order to avoid being overheard by their nosy neighbors.
The person is like a nosy parent, intent on knowing everything their children are doing and thinking.
The person replied, "I don't want to look too inexperienced; I don't want them to suspect."
The person was fearless in their fights.
Is the person fearless or foolhardy?
The person is fearless; they believe that you are always there for them.
The person can cause a lot of harm when uninformed individuals start giving their opinions.
The person soon became a weak and flabby individual.
The person's body becomes soft and flabby when they are overweight.
The person is outgoing while I'm shy.
The person is active and outgoing, what is the reason?
Is the person outgoing or shy?
The person. Honestly! Must you be so crude!
The person gradually became uncommunicative and reserved.
When the person recovered, they showed no remorse, no gratitude; they just folded in on themselves, cold and uncommunicative.
The person is somewhat odd, uncommunicative, and solitary, really less like others, in spite of these common characteristics, than the hosts of the rejected.
The person bent down and scanned the child's reposeful face and listened to their placid breathing.
The person looked up from the picture into the detective's placid face.
Is the person's personality as lazy and placid as we hold them to be?
The person is Fire energy. This is a very active, extroverted sign.
The person who is a pioneer in the sciences has re-emerged today.
The person in the back photo, who is really me, appears groomed and looks in control.
The person displays a mix of aggressive and nurturing qualities.
"The person said, 'It's really wonderful. They are really nurturing, great mentors.'"
When the person brought Imelda their drink they received a genuine, sweet smile of thanks.
The person who chooses to have a poor provider or unloving parent would have serious consequences for themselves and their offspring.
The person who is allergic to cashews may break out in a rash when they consume these nuts.
The person gets a rash in hot weather.
The person, please don't get defensive. I was only joking.
The person gets defensive when asked about their plans, so it's best to refrain from bringing it up.
The person, an astute investor, has endorsed this approach.
The person who emerges from their book is a complex and astute populist.
The person approached the shore and stepped out with a splash, clambering up onto a jumble of broken basalt, lanky, suntanned, and salt-encrusted at 26 years old.
The person still works out, but they have actually become fond of their tall, lanky frame.
The person would curl their lanky body around feet in forgiveness if things were thrown at them.
The person stopped at the straw hat stand and chatted with a lanky individual as they were setting out the hats.
The person, with their dark brows, had shaken the dust from their feet and gone away to study.
The person Auberon's Academy Club positively heaved with charming individuals.
The person drove slowly at first, but now, how they are dashing along!
The person meets a dashing Marine scientist who warns them off.
The person looked like a younger, more dashing version of their parent.
The person at first drove like a snail and now how they are dashing along!
The person had slowly persuaded Fritz to sell their controlling interest.
The person was so happy and carefree!
The person looks the part with their tall, muscular frame and close-cropped brown hair.
The person's evidence meshes with earlier reports of an organized riot.
The person is forced to conclude that Adam and Eve were created with oral communication capability, as an unbiased observer.
The person asked, "How is Frank?"
The person was replaced by Lt. Frank Fraser.
The person rasped a hand across their chin.
The person misheard me.
The person sighed audibly.
The person is currently domiciled in Berlin.
The person tried to laugh off their aunt's worry.
The person knows Frank will be delighted to see you.
The person ran errands for a seedy local villain.
The person shrugs wearily. They have heard it all before.
The person emptied a handful of loose change on the table.
The person was a quiet individual with bewitching brown eyes.
The person said that they had reserved a room for me here.
The person appeared to be in a jovial mood.
The person is tall, jovial individual who quickly gets to the point.
The person was a large rotund individual with a very jovial nature and a compassionate disposition.
The person, they enjoyed the companionship of a large number of jovial friends.
The person sipped their tea contentedly, Chen, a rotund, jovial individual sporting a striped shirt with red braces, agreed.
The person was chosen for this job because they are fluent in several languages and have a jovial, or cheerful, nature.
The person wore a straw hat to keep their balding head from getting sunburned.
The person had an earnest expression, balding but with some beautiful white hair, thin lips, a sharp chin ... I remember thinking they were not attractive enough for me.
The person was balding before they reached twenty.
At 37, The person is already balding, and their remaining hair has gone gray.
In walks the person — short, ugly, balding, and speaking with a strange harelip.
The person reports that hair loss or balding has negatively affected their career.
The person excused themselves and returned to the office a few minutes later wearing a headpiece.
The person has been waiting for you to ask the question yourself, and the person is being obtuse and slow about it.
The person chuckles, and even Mr Paul sounds unenthusiastic about the Paulville project, in which they had no hand.
The person answering the call can choose to hang up and take their business someplace else if they are too lackadaisical, unenthusiastic or indifferent.
The person is not expected to get involved in the hurly-burly of campaigning.
The person's burly significant other elbowed them into the gutter.
The person was introduced to a burly individual who seemed to be in the military.
The person swore that they had seen two big burly individuals sitting in either seat of the front of the car.
The person could hardly be more different from their predecessor, Sergei Stanishev.
The person claims that without change, deserts deteriorate, said Tony Burgess, a burly ecologist with a huge red beard.
The person stated in the article was described as an amorous type who liked burly, blue-collar individuals.
The person, a burly soldier with red hair, admits to having a bad temper, which leads to disputes with their spouse.
The person, a burly individual, led their own flock up a steep mountain promising them the secret of life and its miracles.
The person was wearing all white clothing and had a sturdy and stocky build, but also surprising tall.
As the person was strapped into a stretcher by the EMTs, their arms and legs were handcuffed to the stretcher by the police.
The person looked quite startled.
The person let their knitting drop on their knee and gazed at them with startled eyes.
The person's letters are insufferably dull.
The person always brings excitement wherever they go.
The person's bald pate was beaten down upon by the sun.
The person pushed their cap back on their bald head and stared at the other individual for a minute.
The person started experiencing hair loss in their twenties.
The person's outstanding achievement mustn't be belittled.
The person, Zhang Lei, with their outstanding performance, turned out to be the Winner of "Voice of China 2015".
The person has ever experienced the childlike delight of discovering an inchworm, they know how fun it is to watch.
The person still had not entirely lost their childlike serenity.
The person grips the hands of their keeper and swings head over heels with childlike exuberance.
The person can never see the fiery mountains any more.
The person toned down their militant statements after the meeting.
The person has had small groups burn their photo, and fiery criticism has also come from all sides with one leading radio host calling for them to step down.
The person asked where the bottled water is while trailing a crying toddler.
The person was a very demanding child.
The person was smartly dressed and well-spoken.
The person is remembered as quiet, hard-working and well-spoken.
The person is well-spoken, certainly educated, but has no knowledge of science or history, and their maths are basic at the very best.
The person would love to buy their child funky little leopard-print skirts.
The person's home had a mood of entertainment—sleek furnishings and a funky cocktail bar.
The person is the most caring and chivalrous individual you could ever come across.
The person should do well in their studies this year—they're very focused.
The person suckling a baby is one of life's most natural and delightful scenes.
The person, at their best, was one of history's supreme boxer-punchers.
The person is just the sort of smart, involved, and unpretentious individual I choose to hang out with.
The person's original quote about human nature goes like this: "To err is human, to forgive, divine."
The person is well-read but has never been overseas.
As far as I can recall, the person was clean-shaven. When?
The person was a medium-sized and upright person of seventy, whose brown face was perfectly clean-shaven.
The person was a young, clean-shaven individual, whose face and voice and manner were a perfect blend of steel and geniality.
The person on the couch, with excellent posture, a pastel golf shirt, and that strangely chaste yet fiery look in their eye?
Comfortably perched, as always, the person had the chair leaning way back, their slender hands clasped behind their clean-shaven head so unusual for a drow!
The person, normally timid, rarely strays far from their burrow.
The person was a timid, small child.
The person asked in a timid voice if they may come in.
The person is clearly the most articulate and self-possessed member of their family.
The person, instead of being simply the quarry in a chase, is revealed as a twisted but articulate antagonist.
The person is responsible for designing the entire project.
The person's courage and determination is what makes them such a remarkable character.
The person had a remarkable resemblance to Pete.
The person's eyes are their most notable feature.
The person did not want to be ruled by anyone and it is notable that they never allowed anyone in their life to eclipse them.
The person's case has been strengthened by support from notable quarters—Roy Porter, the distinguished medical historian, recently wrote a favourable appraisal of their research.
The person believes the individual to be weak and unintelligent.
The person is small and unintelligent.
The person had never seen anyone as tall and gangly as they were.
The person draws their knees beneath them, then splays their legs like a gangly six-year-old.
The person has revealed they turned down Chelsea and Jose Mourinho to sign for Arsenal five years ago.
The person flicked a nervous glance at them.
The person admitted reluctantly that they were very nervous.
The person is so dim, it is plausible that the sun could have a secret companion.
The person was dry-eyed and composed at the funeral.
The person was very calm and composed.
The person is level-headed and practical.
The person has a jealous tendency, although they are not particularly possessive.
The person is inclined to be possessive, and can be tactile with their companions.
The person could be very jealous and possessive about me.
The person, being somewhat skeptical in nature, decided to stop using the mangosteen juice as a treatment for their allergic rhinitis for one day.
The person was wearing shorts which showed their long, muscular, hairy legs.
The person's gestures were economical, their words generally mild.
The person's marriage has ended. It has made them reclusive and unsociable.
The person knew very little about their reclusive neighbor, only that they had lived in the building for about 20 years.
The person is GM's largest shareholder - and a restive one, too.
The person became the first senior U.S. official to meet with the reclusive General Than Shwe.
The person, my partner who once charmed me with their good will and smile, now seems distant and reclusive.
The person was scolding their attendants.
The person themselves is impersonal, though judicious individuals certainly can and should respond to them in beneficial ways.
The person's dull and indifferent spouse replied that they had not.
The person felt no warmth towards their comrades but was cold, indifferent and apathetic.
The person was inarticulate and rather shy, always dreading speaking in public.
The person, like many Estonians, is reticent and modest.
The person is fastidious in their dress.
The person is fastidious about their food (clothes, etc).
The person is fastidious and will have an affectation of their own.
The person is gifted in writing music; they are very likely to be a Beethoven.
The person, one of the most gifted prodigies in the history of music, produced their first masterpiece at sixteen.
The person, they say, has an idealistic vision of work and what it takes to succeed.
What can the person with emphysema do to help themselves?
The person was a good mixer, they were popular.
Is the person the least popular around here?
The person wanted their clothes to look neat all the time.
The person sat beside Elaine, who today seemed excitable.
The person may become extremely nervous and excitable.
The person is excitable and anxious!
The person also rules the nerves, so individuals of this sign are often excitable and high-strung.
The person feels a hectic, impatient, and excitable vibe in the air as everyone wants to share their thoughts.
The person is quite dedicated to their students.
The person is too serious and dedicated, wrapped up in their career.
The person had joined a religious order and dedicated their life to prayer and good works.
The person was always attentive to their spouse.
Is the person attentive to you, Master Heathcliff?
The person is well able to take care of themselves.
The person replied, with a nonchalant shrug, "It'll be fine."
The person just could not enjoy their nonchalant attitude!
The person felt dizzy, sleepy, and unmotivated due to the side effects of anti-psychotic drugs.
The person found themselves tired, depressed, and unmotivated if they tried to continue their diet into the weekend.
The person is of exceptional intelligence.
The person is very competent in their work.
The person replaced Jobs as chief executive in August and was generally regarded as competent but uninspiring.
The relationship had been important to the person and its loss left the person feeling sad and empty.
The person was sad that they had to go.
The person who wants to write blues can attempt to avoid this problem by poeticizing the form—but literary blues tend to read like bad poetry rather than like refined folk song.
The person is determined to retain their Wimbledon crown.
The person appears determined to cling to power.
The person cannot fix their hair just anyway, regardless of their grooming.
The person is well-groomed and possesses a professional appearance.
The person varies in looks, almost all are well-groomed and well-dressed.
The person, smartly dressed and well-groomed, who has made the most of their physical appearance, immediately sways our guests.
The person informed us that they have already left.
The person stared at the battle map with their wise and farsighted eyes.
The person, under the academic background at that time, was wise and farsighted.
The person was an amazing individual. They raised four of us kids virtually singlehandedly.
The person's voice was deep and mellow.
The person's voice had a deep timbre.
The person's critics call this cautious and unimaginative.
The person hates how it makes them feel afterward. Tired, lethargic, unfocused, etc.
The person likes lemons because they are sour.
The person's shoulders were broad and their waist narrow.
The horrors the person experienced are imprinted, perhaps indelibly, in their brain.
The person thought they knew better than I did, though they were much less experienced.
The person was only welcomed by cold, eccentric Iceland.
The person was a penniless, eccentric loner.
The person known as John the Baptist was eccentric to say the least.
The person is their own person, very eccentric, very individual.
The person sat morosely at the bar.
The person in the next booth could see an elderly individual, talking volubly.
The person dressed in faded dungarees took the witness stand.
The person becomes even more attractive to managers but much less alluring to other shareholders.
The person used to think Emily was honest and trustworthy, but now the person knows better.
Would you say the person is trustworthy?
For the rest of their talk, the person was a forceful and compelling speaker.
The person's closest allies describe them as forceful, aggressive, and determined.
The person balanced their budgets by rigid control over public expenditure.
The person was tall and commanding with a waxed grey moustache.
The person had everything under perfect control in commanding millions of troops and compelled the enemy to move according to their will.
The person is pleased to know that, but now they are really intrigued.
The person was fascinated by their physiognomy - the prominent nose, brooding eyes, and thick hair.
The person, fascinated by the "presence" of the past, wrote the most innovative poetry of their time.
The person carries a scar on their right arm from Sicily's Mount Etna, where their shirt melted into their skin. They are even-tempered and analytical and seemingly never off duty.
When their headaches developed, the person became bad-tempered and even violent.
The person became bad-tempered and even violent when their headaches developed.
The person is very even tempered and has a positive attitude about life.
The person became bad-tempered and even violent when headaches developed.
The person should be taken, even on slight acquaintance, to be ill-tempered.
The person's flip-flops on taxes made them appear indecisive.
Is the person indecisive?
The person later finds out that it is only a test, for their grandfather wants to make sure they are a dependable individual.
The person is very observant. That's a good description.
The person's somewhat ambitious title was "The Book of Life", and they attempted to show how much an observant individual might learn by an accurate and systematic examination of all that came in their way.
The person's spirits were always equable and they were an observant individual.
The person is observant, a watcher. This leads me to believe we would get along if they show any promise.
The person thus avoided a pack of journalists eager to question them.
The person is eager to see celebrities parading their clothes at big occasions.
The person is powerful - people will listen to them.
The person felt nervous and apprehensive all day.
The person entered as the door opened, looking dapper and elderly.
The person saw the very dapper Rick Fox...
The person looks more dapper in any hat.
The person looked very dapper in their new suit.
The person was outwardly dapper and composed as usual.
The person says this is what all the dapper young individuals in Memphis are wearing.
The person is good-looking, spruce, dapper, and very tidy (Anthony Trollope).
The person is good-looking, spruce, dapper, and very tidy when in person.
At first glance, it seems like not much, as the person is dressed in a dapper suit and tie.
The person's solo work exhibits all the earmarks of their style: it is hesitant, tentative, spare.
The person seems to be in crotchety opposition to their father.
The person is crotchety because they have been complaining all their life.
The person couldn't be portrayed as a bad guy, but they have been depicted as somewhat amoral.
The person is an amoral iceberg, no amount of global warming can warm them up.
In an interview after the ceremony, the person with bushy hair tied in a knot seemed exuberant.
The person, this is one of the most critical yet contentious social policy questions.
The person remains a contentious figure despite their status.
The person became even more absent-minded in later life.
The person found poor Tom low-spirited and absent-minded, and this mood continued; they could not shake it off.
The person thought about so many problems they were often absent-minded.
The person in this shop is very helpful.
The person in this store is very helpful.
The person could tell you that they overpowered me, they drugged me.
The person proved impossible to arouse from their drugged sleep, so they were taken to the hospital.
The person proved themselves adept at large dramatic forms as a composer.
The person is usually very adept at keeping their private life out of the media.
The person is adept at getting themselves out of difficult situations.
The person is cultured and never quarrels with others.
The person was very honest and incapable of dissembling.
The person's purpose was to scrutinize their features to see if they were an honest individual.
The person's suit was immaculately cut and they looked very distinguished.
The person was one of Australia's most distinguished artists, renowned for their portraits, landscapes, and nudes.
The person was the most distinguished diplomat in American history.
The person is honored to introduce to members of the city council and distinguished guests today, Mr. Smith.
The person distinguished themself by leading an expedition to the Arctic, which uncovered the remains of a fish with a wrist - a creature with part fin and limb.
The person was unquestionably the most famous African American of the nineteenth century; indeed, when the person died in 1895 they were among the most distinguished public figures in the United States.
The person was the most distinguished scholar in their field.
What was it that distinguished the person from their classmates?
The person, despite their unconventional methods, has inspired students more than anyone else.
The person wanted the other person to stop being so cool, so detached, so cynical.
The person's cap was dainty, and their close-buttoned blue cloth roundabout and pantaloons were new and natty.
The person is Archangel Michael and communicates for all the angelic realms.
When The person met Taylor for the lowest life, they felt God let this angelic individual come to their side.
The person did have very hypnotic eyes and had an angelic sort of aura, and that's what got people.
The person appears disagreeable for a contrary reason when their hard and obdurate heart feels only for themselves, but is entirely insensitive to the happiness or misery of others.
The person shot to fame a few years ago with their extraordinary first novel.
The person achieved greatness.
The person obviously had an abundance of natural talent, but the final, polished work that they gave to the world was the result of years of practicing, rewriting, and reading.
The person extracted a small notebook from their hip pocket.
The person struck a pose, one hand on their hip and the other waving an imaginary cigarette.
The person was found in a coma, totally unresponsive.
The person describes themselves as a fervent fiscal hawk.
The person among these prisoners was an old lawyer with a strong face and a dauntless mien.
The person can't be stopped by the myriad hardships and hazards they face as they explore fearlessly.
The person's dauntless fortitude makes them absolutely fearless.
The person faces death with a good laugh, showing a dauntless spirit.
The person has finally attained the goal through their dauntless and persistent efforts.
The person wanted to turn back, but their dauntless leader urged them to sail on.
The person finds it slightly kooky, but loves it.
The person has been mocked for their kooky ways.
The person is really kooky.
The person is a little kooky.
The person is really kooky. They have fifty-three cats!
The person Norma Jean & Marilyn was an HBO made-for-TV movie about Marilyn Monroe with a pretty kooky premise.
The person is going to help develop new Polaroid cameras and other merchandise, using their signature kooky style.
The person says that at first, they couldn't get anyone to lease them a space because the idea of a bakery that only sold cupcakes was too "kooky."
The person, young as they were, was prudent.
The person knows you will be delighted to see them.
If The person went to see them, they would be delighted.
The person doesn't mind at all. Indeed, the person would be delighted to help.
The person stood preening in the midst of others, delighted with the attention.
The person was delighted by this unexpected change.
The person's parent is Pasha, a very beefy and bull-headed individual.
The person leaned over the bar and fixed a withering glare on their customer.
The person was big and beefy, with hardly any neck, although they did have a very large mustache.
The person posed the ice question to the individual behind the counter, but another customer buying some whiskey interjected.
The person has been praised for immersing themselves in the character and has also built up a strong and muscular body.
The person, if they crave a burger, should consider trying a vegan version. They will never want to eat beefy burgers again, I promise.
The person is devoted to their family.
The person became Vivien Leigh's devoted friend and comforter.
The person acquired a reputation as a strong-willed, outspoken individual during their film career.
The person with a strong will disliked the situation but had to live with it.
The person said the individuals they have met in doctoral study are "very strong-willed."
The person is serious but still possesses a keen sense of humor and is well-respected by peers.
The person received a phone call from Andy Oram, a well-respected author and editor at O'Reilly, toward the end of Summer 2008.
The person was the All-American kid, or so they told themself - good grades, never in trouble, bright future, well-respected by their peers.
The person was painfully shy as a teenager.
The person was a shy, pleasant, solitary individual.
The person was shy and retiring off-stage.
The person's normally shy child had come out of their shell.
The person, inarticulate and rather shy, had always dreaded speaking in public.
The person believes that Pat's tough exterior hides a shy and sensitive soul, according to Mandy.
The person had genius and had made their mark in the aviation world.
The person is a real genius but they have difficulty verbalizing their ideas.
The person became more depressed as they thought about it.
